Fix: Complete description for Upload documentation (#4445)
vaadin/docs: articles/components/upload/index.adoc

endif::[]
--

> 

Reviewer: Please restore these additional empty lines between sections. They help make the page structure more clear when editing the asciidoc.

.Revalidate Size Limit on Server
[NOTE]
====
This constraint is set on the client and is checked before contacting the server.

When using Java Flow with Spring Boot, file size limits are also affected by Spring’s multipart configuration.

By default, Spring Boot applies restrictive limits that may cause uploads to fail — typically for files larger than 1MB.
You can increase these limits in your `application.properties` or `application.yml` file:

[source,properties]
----
spring.servlet.multipart.max-file-size=50MB
spring.servlet.multipart.max-request-size=100MB
----

> Additionally, if you're using an `UploadHandler` or `StreamReceiver`, you may need to disable Spring’s multipart resolver entirely to allow the Upload component to handle the stream directly:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you're using an [interfacename]`UploadHandler` or [interfacename]`Receiver`, you may need to disable Spring’s multipart resolver entirely to allow the Upload component to handle the stream directly:
```
